Move away from the `!disable` setting in the multi-instance ServiceControl deployment doco (#6366)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/upgrades/zero-downtime.md

Although both ServiceControl Audit instances ingest messages from the audit queue, each message only ends up in a single instance. The ServiceControl Error instance queries both transparently.

### Disable audit queue ingestion on the old instance

> Update the audit queue configuration on the original Audit instance and set the [`ServiceControl/IngestAuditMessages`](servicecontrol/audit-instances/creating-config-file#host-settings-servicecontrolingestauditmessages) to `false` and restart the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the audit queue configuration on the original Audit instance and add the setting key [`ServiceControl/IngestAuditMessages`](servicecontrol/audit-instances/creating-config-file#host-settings-servicecontrolingestauditmessages) with value `false`, save, and restart the instance.
```
